hey guys so today I want to do the
galaxy s4 active booth test with Pepsi
as you can see it I've been using over
here so I already used one bottle over
there and then we have another one so
we're going to do the test with the
galaxy s4 active yes as I said over here
I already did it
with some other suit sodas and things
and the reason why I'm doing this
because we want to see it's probably
gonna survive I believe so too but it's
still pretty interesting to check out so
let's do this
so just confirm you can proceed at Pepsi
I think a same kind of look as Cola but
who knows let's drop it here
oh wow
the phone is inside I have to go down
just to pick it up see it has some
difficulties over here because it is
some Pepsi on the surface or on the
display
so just a quick do test here hopefully
you did enjoy in peace out